---
tags: community, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy Community Meeting | Tuesday 2021 August 3 at 18:00 UT

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/eTvjjYr9S-yxfcUeGCjq7w/badge)](https://hackmd.io/eTvjjYr9S-yxfcUeGCjq7w)


### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Community" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_community)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs) 
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes for [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Release of `v0.7.0`
    * feature freeze starts today
    * where are we on milstones?
6. Next dispersion meeting this Thurs. (8/5) @ 1pm PT
7. Breaking CI tests
    * https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/1224
8. Hack Week vids
9. ...
10. Issues
    1. [UFuncTypeError test failures for Chandrasekhar_G with numpy-dev and xarray-dev](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/1224)
    2. ...
11. Pull requests in progress 
    1. [#1206](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1206): `tox` config for building docs
    2. [#1173](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1173): Fix volume weighted interpolator in CArtesianGrid
12. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. [#1225](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1225): change `Particle.__eq__` to be more pythonic
    2. [#1216](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1216): `CustomParticle` in `dict`


## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick

## Action Items

***Person***
* ...

## Minutes

* Should be more explicit in the future that anyone under the PlasmaPy grant also has the responsibility of doing code review
    * **This is highly needed since code review is out bottleneck!!**
* Release of `v0.7.0`
    * Erik is prioritizing 1173 ... tests need refactoring
    * Erik will take on 1134 after 1173
    * 1123 will likely slip to `v0.8.0`
    * 1114 Nick is lead review and will do that
    * 
