---
tags: community, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy Community Meeting | Tuesday 2021 July 13 at 18:00 UT

### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Community" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_community)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs) 
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes for [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. ...
5. ...
6. ...
7. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
8. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
9. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Dominik
* Peter

## Action Items

***Person***
* ...

## Minutes

* Working on Thomson scattering for non-Maxwellian distributions
    * Laboratory space physics applications
    * [#1190](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1190)
* Some intermittent test failures with `Chandrasekhar_G`.  Seems random, independent of if it's `numpydev` 
* Also getting an intermittent documentation build failure `Exponential.FitParamTuple`.  Erik's not getting this locally, only happening on GitHub checks and RTD...shouldn't be happening to begin with.  Documentation still builds but Sphinx errors bug Erik to no end.
* Hoping to start up diagnostics meetings again
    * Need to outline what to do to get Thomson in
    * Erik is attempting to use ZenHub
    * Lite functions are hangup for Thomson
* Nick is working on a summer school talk on open source data & codes for fusion energy science
* Erik is going to take a much-deserved vacation in the next month, hopefully
* Abstracts due for DPP on Thursday at 5 pm EDT
    * Nick will work on PlasmaPy abstract...might be late
    * Nick might also submit one to data science miniconf entitled "A 25-minute rant on why plasma science needs open metadata standards" (working title)
* Tentatively aiming for release in end of July, but we have some slack
    * Probably not going to get all of Peter's PRs for 0.7 milestone in by then; will need to prioritize.
        * Cartesian grids fix in particular
    * Improved proton radiography saving is nearly done; hopefully using metadata standard by Scott Feister (PRAD) but trying to make compatible with OpenPMD.  Could merge now, and make it compatible with emerging standard later.  (#1134)
        * Tentatively adding to 0.7 milestone
    * Line integrated diagnostics (#1123 too)
        * Lower priority than #1134
* Peter is working on a classical transport module...still a lot of work to do on it
    * If anyone else starts working on it, let Peter know to avoid duplication of effort
* Need to write summary of hack week; post it to Zenodo
* Could use project repo as an issue tracker for non-code specific stuff

 

