---
tags: community, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy Community Meeting | Tuesday 2021 July 20 at 18:00 UT

### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Community" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_community)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs) 
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes for [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Switching to PlasmaPy's Zoom account for these meetings?
5. Following up on Plasma Hack Week
    1. Uploading videos
    2. Writing and posting a [one-page summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AAQB729AIZcJjoDbTKcSYXvuRTlzPbf_NP-X_ZxIgJU/edit)
6. What PRs and issues need to be in 0.7.0 release?
7. 1st dispersion meeting this week...Thurs (7/22) @ 1pm PT
    * zoom: <https://zoom.us/j/91633383503>
8. Creating a [PlasmaPy calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y19zcXFxMzkwczI0ampmanAzcTg2cHY0MXBpOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) & posting to website
9. Fixed failed documetation check [PR #1199](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1199)
10. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
9. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
10. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Ramiz
* Nick
* Dominik

## Action Items

***Dominik/Erik***
* cron job of Documentation builds using `sphinx-dev`
* cutting Hack Week videos

## Minutes

* We have a Zoom room within the PlasmaPy Zoom account (link in agenda above). 
    * Didn't switch in time
    * Erik will use that link for dispersion & diagnostic meetings
    * There's a passcode, but not putting
* Erik created a PlasmaPy meeting calendar, and is working on posting it on PlasmaPy's website.
    * Not sure if it'll point to a particular time zone.
    * [google's embeded iframe link](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?height=300&amp;wkst=1&amp;bgcolor=%23ffffff&amp;ctz=America%2FLos_Angeles&amp;src=Y19zcXFxMzkwczI0ampmanAzcTg2cHY0MXBpOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t&amp;color=%2354bfbf&amp;showTitle=1&amp;showNav=1&amp;mode=MONTH&amp;showTabs=1&amp;showCalendars=0&amp;showPrint=0&amp;showDate=1)
    * Draft PR: https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io/pull/110
        * follow up with javascript idea: https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io/issues/111
* Documentation build was failing with new release of Sphinx
    * Erik made a namedtuple as a property which fixed it somehow
    * Would be useful to do a test build of docs with development version of Sphinx
    * This check would be a good candidate for a CRON job
    * Need an annoying way of notifying us when the test fails so we don't ignore it
        * Probably change GitHub notifications to send emails
* Plasma Hack Week
    * Erik is working on cutting first video
        * Has access to Adobe Something Or 'Nother (Pro Version!1) via UCLA
        * Should go faster after learning
        * Dominik is able to work on this soon too
    * Dominik asked about lightning talks, but a few preferred not to have them available but wanted the video for themselves if possible. One person was that they'd like to see the video first
        * Can upload video first as unlisted video
* 0.7.0
    * aim for 16-23 Aug
    * Diagnostics
        * #1173 (bugfix) and #1134 for 0.7.0
        * #1123 (would be nice but lower priority)
        * Thomson will wait until 0.8.0
    * #1159: fix binder links
    * 