---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 June 9 at 12:00 PT / 15:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/N3d222-NTyOsErKo3Kz-vw/badge)](https://hackmd.io/N3d222-NTyOsErKo3Kz-vw)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. 
5. ...
6. ...
7. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
8. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
9. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...

## Attendees

* ...

## Action Items

***Person***
* ...

## Minutes

* Updates from Nick (who is missing the meeting)
    * I've been in contact with people from Gkeyll and BOUT++ and need to verify with people from TurboPy & SunPy.  I'm going to try to talk with them next week
*

