---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 August 18 at 12:00 PT / 15:00 ET

### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Move over to a `cssi@plasmapy.org` group for CSSI specific stuff?
5. Follow-ups from hack week
    * Videos
    * T-shirts & stickers ‚Üê bring up next meeting
6. Meeting w/ Gio for YouTube and education
7. Next dispersion meeting tomorrow (8/19) at 1pm pT
8. Nick @ CPS-FR 2021 in 1.6 weeks
9. ...
10. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
11. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
12. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...

## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick
* Ben
* Steve

## Action Items

***Erik & Nick***
* Create `cssi@plasmapy.org` email address

***David***
* Plan a meeting w/ our grant officer

## Minutes

* Vegan sausage was mentioned!!
* Yes! Create a CSSI email `cssi@plasmapy.org` for CSSI activities.
    * Nick and I [Erik] will create in office hours tomorrow
* No update for Hack Week stuff
    * Still need to get feedback from grant officer for funding of shirts, stickers, etc.
* Would probably be useful to have a Zoom meeting with NSF CSSI program manager. David will reach out. 
* Summary of Gio meeting with Erik
    * Gio (a recent grad from Troy Carter's group) is now pursuing an avenue for education for science, doing this independently.
    * He's very interested & likes the idea
    * Erik described team & goals
    * He's still learning how much effort it takes to produce a YouTube video
    * Could do a trial run.  See how much time & effort it takes, how it turns out.
    * How permanent would this be?
    * Question would be funding: how much consultation money do we have? A video every few months? Or more regularly?
    * Next grant cycle: should put in a line item for this if we continue on this approach.
