---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 September 1 at 12:00 PT / 15:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/r0T1vhpXToWXQn8xNHaxxA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/r0T1vhpXToWXQn8xNHaxxA)


### Video Conference Information
* [Zoom](https://www.plasmapy.org/zoom)
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=c_sqqq390s24jjfjp3q86pv41pi8%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Hack Week 
    * Videos
    * T-shirts & stickers
6. NSF CSSI annual report
    * Metrics
8. Meeting w/ Grant officer [David]
9. DPP meeting
    * Who is attending in-person?
10. Release of `v0.7.0`
11. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
11. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
12. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...

## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick
* Ben
* Steve

## Action Items

***Erik***
* Cut and post videos from Hack Week so they can be in the report

## Minutes

* Erik needs to cut and post Hack Week vidoes
    * This is Erik's priority instead of writing portions of the annual report
    * Want this so it can be included in the annual report
    * I [Erik] will focus on this after merging PR #1134
* Annual report
    * Goal is to have it ready to submit by end of next week (9/10)
    * [Erik] needs to add elements with regards to Diagnostics
* Release of `v0.7.0`
    * Need to review and merge 1134 and 1114
    * Followed by 1219
    * If Dominik is not around, I [Erik] will go through the releae process
    * Domink release guide video is posted as an unlisted video under the PlasmaPy YouTube accound
    * **Release needs to happen before the annual report is submitted!**
