---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 July 28 at 12:00 PT / 15:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/f1pRfpYdQo2vkTdpqGJURg/badge)](https://hackmd.io/f1pRfpYdQo2vkTdpqGJURg)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Progess on `v0.7.0` release
    * feature freeze starts 8/3
5. Hack Week videos
6. [status] Funding inquiry for t-shirts
7. [status] Annual report
8. Any new news for APS-DPP booth?
9. Other updates from weekly meetings
10. ...
11. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
12. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
13. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...

## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick
* Ben
* Steve
* David

## Action Items

***David***
* Look into funding for apparel

***Nick***
* Email and establish simulation meeting

## Minutes

* **CANCEL NEXT WEEK'S PROJECT MEETING**
* Annual report
    * overdue date Sept. 30
    * aim to start at the begining of Sept.
    * created [EPIC issue](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/issues/4) in `plasmapy-project` 
    * Nick began a google doc for it
* Release of `v0.7.0`
    * milestone going thru burn down
    * feature freeze starts next Tues. (8/3)
* Hack Week videos
    * [Erik] I have not had time to work on them...on the to-do list
    * Dominik is working on day 2 vids in parallel
    * would be nice to release videos well before the annual report so we can gather viewership and statistics
* APS-DPP booth
    * Created an Issue to record what we need for the booth
        * https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/issues/5
    * **will need to request PWR for the booth**
    * **need a table so people can code together**
    * might be able to rent a projector from one of our libraries
    * David could possibly drive out some monitors from the lab
